1. What is the technology in blockchain that is a decentralised database managed by multiple participants?
	Distributed Ledger Technology

2.What are some of the facilities blockchain provides?
	being involved directly in the transactions and removing other third parties that could delay the transaction, etc

3. What is the tool that aids developers in the creation of blockchain systems and similar applications?
	Hyperledger

4. How can hyperledger help the transactions of businesses?
	It can make the transaction system improve in performance and overall efficiency.

5. What are some of the companies that have used hyperledger in their projects?
	General Electric, IBM, and Oracle

6. What are some of the implications of digital curriencies in economy?
	since this is done without third parties and curriencies being untraceable it could lead to problems like illegal transfers or could trouble taxations

7. Name an example of how digital curriencies be an obstacle
	how volatile these curriencies can be, if the implementation of this is done in large scale and the value changes too quickly it could affect a lot of people and businesses

8.What are some of the benefits of automation of work?
	Businesses can now focus on implementing or creating new technologies or services with the automation of certain algorithms.

9. Why is big data important in the digital economy?
	Because of the great ammounts of data that are gathered and can be analyzed to obtain valuable information that can impact the economy

10. Why is cloud computing important in the digital economy?
	Because it allows access to great computing power to process the big data for cheaper cost than building your own infraestructure.

11. What is a disadvantage of digital currencies?
	How volatile they are

12.What is a disadvantage of digital transactions?
	Illegal transfers

13. How can AI impact economy?
	It can give advantages to enterprises who use the cutting edge technology
14. What are some technologies that could be incorporated by business using blockchain?
	IoT and AI 

15. What are some disadvantages of cloud computing?
	Data loss, leak, vulnerabilities on shared environments.

16. What are some disadvantages of digital currencies?
	cybersecutity issues and little regulations.

17. What are some disadvantages of blockchain?
	Some systems consume too much energy, not completely secure, users are their own bank
